c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cublas64_42_9.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cudart64_42_9.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cufft64_42_9.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cvextern.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cvextern_gpu.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\npp64_42_9.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_calib3d240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_contrib240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_core240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_features2d240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_ffmpeg240_64.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_flann240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_gpu240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_highgui240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_imgproc240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_legacy240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_ml240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_nonfree240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_objdetect240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_photo240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_stitching240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_video240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_videostab240.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\RGBonClick.exe
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\RGBonClick.pdb
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.Form1.resources
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.exe
c:\users\jruszala\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.pdb
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.exe
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.pdb
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cublas64_42_9.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cudart64_42_9.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cufft64_42_9.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cvextern.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\cvextern_gpu.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\npp64_42_9.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_calib3d240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_contrib240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_core240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_features2d240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_ffmpeg240_64.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_flann240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_gpu240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_highgui240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_imgproc240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_legacy240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_ml240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_nonfree240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_objdetect240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_photo240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_stitching240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_video240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\opencv_videostab240.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\RGBonClick.exe
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\RGBonClick.pdb
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.Form1.resources
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\jruszala\Google Drive\Class Items\Robotics Programming\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\RGBonClick.exe
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\RGBonClick.pdb
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.Form1.resources
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.exe
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.pdb
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jruszala\Desktop\Robofest_L2Bot_Workshop\C# Program Files\RGBonClick\RGBonClick\obj\x86\Debug\RGBonClick.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
